Hi there, I'm Matt! I have an undergraduate degree in Physics, where I studied electromagnetics and quantum computing, and a Master's degree in Aeronautics & Astronautics from the University of Washington where I studied computational plasma physics, nuclear fusion, and high-performance computing. Along the way I worked in Silicon Valley, wrote the highest-performing code on the final of my graduate HPC class, and the kernels for two kinds of plasma simulation that both ran faster than the Cray-1 on problem sizes ranging from millions of particles, to billions of fluid points. 

Writing fast C++ code is my #1 technical skill. I accomplish this via an understanding of and lifelong passion for computer architecture, together with a minimal approach towards coding. The best code, all else being equal, is the one with the least amount of lines. It's still got to be readable, of course. 

Electromagnetics, nuclear fusion, fast, clean code, parallel programming, computer architecture, and GPUs are my tech interests. To keep my math and physics knowledge sharp, I like to do the odd computational physics project. I think artificial intelligence is interesting, particularly its application towards computational physics, e.g., PINNs. Electromagnetics is my favorite field of physics, by far.

Beyond science and engineering, my main hobby is weightlifting. I have a lifetime goal of attaining a 2000 lb "supertotal", which is the sum of a lifter's numbers in the deadlift, squat, bench, clean&jerk, and snatch. Sprinting is another activity that I love to do. One of the things that I love the most about sports and lifting weights is applying physics to understand the mechanics of the activity. If you're interested in reading more of what I write and do on these subjects, please check out my personal website
https://russellmatt66.github.io/
